Since we already looked into the main implementation for this workspace,
let's walk through the complete code.
The first part of the code is imported from the Matlab striving
toolbox where you can define and generate your own driving and targets scenarios.
Using the same toolbox,
we can generate radar sensor profiles.
Once the road scenarios and sensor profiles are integrated,
then the implement object tracking on degenerate scenario.
The object tracking here will utilize
that clustering algorithm and common tracking that we reviewed in the previous videos.
Now it's time to run the code and see the output.
But before we do that,
I would definitely recommend spending some time on the sense efficient code.
It's a good place to start learning and implementing sensor fusion techniques.